Add local-dependency rule (#11)
zetlen/eslint-plugin-package-json: docs/rules/valid-local-dependency.md

# Ensures that local dependencies specified in a package.json exist

## Rule Details

> This rule validates the casing for `file:` and `link:` dependencies in a `package.json` file. If the casing of a `link:` or `file:` path is incorrect yarn does not sub out the link when releasing.

Reviewer: [Docs] It validates more than casing, no? Like, if the file doesn't exist at all, this will catch that, right?

Maybe:

```suggestion
This rule validates the path for `file:` and `link:` dependencies in a `package.json` file - including name casing. If a `link:` or `file:` path is incorrect yarn does not sub out the link when releasing.
```

> This rule validates the casing for `file:` and `link:` dependencies in a `package.json` file. If the casing of a `link:` or `file:` path is incorrect yarn does not sub out the link when releasing.

Reviewer: > yarn

[Thoughts] I wonder what pnpm does here? And bun? Deno? I haven't looked into them and don't have plans to. 😄

Author: 🤔 good point -- I could remove the yarn explanation all together to generalize the rule. I originally wrote this because I kept messing up casing in my `yarn` project.

> Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

Reviewer: [Docs] I know this doesn't quite adhere to the normal rule docs convention, but it'd be good to mention what the right path is... maybe something like this?

```suggestion
Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule (when `../folder` is the correct path):
```

(and similar for the correct code)
